README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/amin-ous/shopgular/blob/master/shopgular-frontend/src/assets/img/logo.png" alt="Shopgular Logo">
</p>

# Shopgular

An ecommerce platform built with Spring Boot and Angular.

## Technologies Used

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vagrantup.com">
    <img src="https://tech.osteel.me/images/2015/01/25/vagrant.png" width="250 px" alt="Vagrant">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://jenkins.io">
    <img src="https://brandslogos.com/wp-content/uploads/thumbs/jenkins-logo-vector.svg" width="250 px" alt="Jenkins">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://docker.com">
    <img src="https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/horizontal-logo-monochromatic-white.png" width="250 px" alt="Docker">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://spring.io">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/Spring_Framework_Logo_2018.svg" width="250 px" alt="Spring Framework">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://angular.io">
    <img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/1d/78/36/1d7836b162169e9836b6761253132a81.png" width="250 px" alt="Angular">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://mysql.com">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fr/6/62/MySQL.svg" width="250 px" alt="MySQL">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>
<br>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sonatype.com/products/nexus-repository">
    <img src="https://cdn.addteq.com/images/website/wordpress/sonatype-nexus_logo-stacked_whiteBG.png" width="250 px" alt="Nexus">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://prometheus.io">
    <img src="https://miro.medium.com/max/800/1*XE0ObomSZ6cwRHKNZ751Vg.png" width="250 px" alt="Prometheus">
  </a>&nbsp;
  <a href="https://grafana.com">
    <img src="https://www.freelogovectors.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/grafana-logo.png" width="250 px" alt="Grafana">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

## Usage

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Set Nexus admin password to `shopgular`.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2. Set SonarQube admin password to `shopgular`.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3. Add your Git credentials with ID `shopgular-git` in Jenkins.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 4. Add your Docker credentials with ID `shopgular-docker` in Jenkins.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 5. Change `DOCKER_USERNAME` to your Docker username in Jenkinfile.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 6. Import Grafana dashboard with ID `9964`.  

## License

This project is open source and available under the [GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/amin-ous/shopgular/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Configure email notification in Jenkins

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/amin-ous/shopgular/blob/master/shopgular-frontend/src/assets/img/logo.png" alt="Shopgular Logo">
</p>

# Shopgular

An ecommerce platform built with Spring Boot and Angular.

## Technologies Used

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://vagrantup.com">
    <img src="https://tech.osteel.me/images/2015/01/25/vagrant.png" width="250 px" alt="Vagrant">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://jenkins.io">
    <img src="https://brandslogos.com/wp-content/uploads/thumbs/jenkins-logo-vector.svg" width="250 px" alt="Jenkins">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://docker.com">
    <img src="https://www.docker.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/horizontal-logo-monochromatic-white.png" width="250 px" alt="Docker">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://spring.io">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/Spring_Framework_Logo_2018.svg" width="250 px" alt="Spring Framework">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://angular.io">
    <img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/1d/78/36/1d7836b162169e9836b6761253132a81.png" width="250 px" alt="Angular">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://mysql.com">
    <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fr/6/62/MySQL.svg" width="250 px" alt="MySQL">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>
<br>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sonatype.com/products/nexus-repository">
    <img src="https://cdn.addteq.com/images/website/wordpress/sonatype-nexus_logo-stacked_whiteBG.png" width="250 px" alt="Nexus">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://prometheus.io">
    <img src="https://miro.medium.com/max/800/1*XE0ObomSZ6cwRHKNZ751Vg.png" width="250 px" alt="Prometheus">
  </a>&nbsp;
  <a href="https://grafana.com">
    <img src="https://www.freelogovectors.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/grafana-logo.png" width="250 px" alt="Grafana">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

## Usage

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1. Set Nexus admin password to `shopgular`.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2. Set SonarQube admin password to `shopgular`.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3. Add your Git credentials with ID `shopgular-git` in Jenkins.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 4. Add your Docker credentials with ID `shopgular-docker` in Jenkins.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 5. Change `DOCKER_USERNAME` to your Docker username in Jenkinfile.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 6. Import Grafana dashboard with ID `9964`.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 7. Change `EMAIL_ADDRESS` to your Email address in Jenkinsfile.  

## License

This project is open source and available under the [GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/amin-ous/shopgular/blob/master/LICENSE).
